# Version 0.0.014

- Attribute "picker" in the ForeignKey and ManyToManyField to change the selection widget from select2 to radio/checkboxes in the cases where these widgets are more appropriate.
 - Examples:
   - category = models.ForeignKey(Category, verbose_name='Category', picker=True) # radio button
   - categories = models.ManyToMany(Category, verbose_name='Categories', picker=True) # checkboxes
   
- Custom message in the "confirmation" meta attribute of the Action meta class.

- Page content reloading as default behavior when an action is executed in the scope of an object or fieldset. Actions executed in the scope of a queryset will not reload the page content automatically due to context issues like search, pagination, tabs, etc.

- Enabling @meta(verbose_name) to be used to define verbose names of methods that return non-primitive values like valueset, queryset or queryset statistics.

- Initialization of multiple asynchronous tasks from Actions

- Rename of the method "refresh" to "reload" in the Valueset class. The parameter "retry" was renamed to "max_requests".

- Rename of the meta attribute "refresh" to "reload" in Action meta class.

- Replacement of all renders in the folder "renders", so that it is necessary only to inform the name of the renderer in the decorator @meta(verbose_name, renderer=None). Custom renders must be then placed in the directory "renders" inside "templates" directory.
Ex:


> app/templates/renders/progress.html


> @meta('Progress', renderer='progress')
> 
> def get_progress(self):
> 
>  return self.progress

- Make exceptions more clear when they refer to import error in both dashboard and actions modules. It had been completely silenced, which made the identification of the problem very difficult.


